Support including Module and Action in each JDBC session with Oracle JDBC (#3183)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-data: src/main/docs/guide/dbc/jdbc/jdbcConfiguration.adoc

IMPORTANT: The dialect setting in configuration does *not* replace the need to ensure the correct dialect is set at the repository. If the dialect is H2 in configuration, the repository should have `@JdbcRepository(dialect = Dialect.H2)` / `@R2dbcRepository(dialect = Dialect.H2)`. Because repositories are computed at compile time, the configuration value is not known at that time.

> === Connection client info tracing (Oracle)

Reviewer: if we make it generic it doesn't have to be Oracle specific

IMPORTANT: The dialect setting in configuration does *not* replace the need to ensure the correct dialect is set at the repository. If the dialect is H2 in configuration, the repository should have `@JdbcRepository(dialect = Dialect.H2)` / `@R2dbcRepository(dialect = Dialect.H2)`. Because repositories are computed at compile time, the configuration value is not known at that time.

=== Connection client info tracing

> In order to trace SQL calls using `java.sql.Connection.setClientInfo(String, String)` method, you can
> annotate repository with @api:data.connection.annotation.ConnectionClientInfo[] annotation. If boolean field `enabled` is set to false, then Micronaut will not issue `setClientInfo` calls to the JDBC connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to trace SQL calls using `java.sql.Connection.setClientInfo(String, String)` method, you can
annotate a repository with the @api:data.connection.annotation.ConnectionClientInfo[] annotation. If the boolean member `enabled` is set to `false`, then Micronaut will not issue `setClientInfo` calls to the JDBC connection.
```
```suggestion
In order to trace SQL calls using `java.sql.Connection.setClientInfo(String, String)` method, you can
annotate repository with @api:data.connection.annotation.ConnectionClientInfo[] annotation. If boolean field `enabled` is set to false, then Micronaut will not issue `setClientInfo` calls to the JDBC connection.
```
```suggestion
In order to trace SQL calls using `java.sql.Connection.setClientInfo(String, String)` method, you can
annotate repository with @api:data.connection.annotation.ConnectionClientInfo[] annotation. If boolean field `enabled` is set to false, then Micronaut will not issue `setClientInfo` calls to the JDBC connection.
```

> Fields in given annotation `module` and `action` can set custom module and action. If omitted, then module value will default
> to the class name (usually Micronaut Data repository class) annotated with the given annotation and action to the name of the method
> being executed. There is also property `clientInfoAttributes` allowing to set arbitrary client info attributes to be set to the connection client info.
> Annotation can be used on class or method, customizing module or action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The annotation members `module` and `action` can set a custom module and action. If omitted, then the name of the module will default
to the class name (usually Micronaut Data repository class) annotated with the given annotation and action to the name of the method
being executed. In addition, the member `clientInfoAttributes` can be used to set arbitrary client info attributes to be set passed to the connection client info.

Note that the @api:data.connection.annotation.ConnectionClientInfo[] annotation can be used on either the class or the method, thus allowing customizaction of the  module or action individually.
```

For Oracle database, these values will be set to the JDBC connection using `setClientInfo("OCSID.MODULE", module)` and `setClientInfo("OCSID.ACTION", action)` respectively.
Additionally, if `${micronaut.application.name}` is set, then it will be used to call JDBC connection `setClientInfo("OCSID.CLIENTID", appName)`.

> Please make sure that if you supply `OCSID.MODULE` or `OCSID.ACTION` in `ConnectionClientInfo` property `clientInfoAttributes` these values will be ignored because
> `module` and `action` attributes are going to be mapped to  `OCSID.MODULE` and `OCSID.ACTION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you supply the attributes `OCSID.MODULE` or `OCSID.ACTION` in the `clientInfoAttributes` member of the `@ConnectionClientInfo` annotation  these values will be ignored because
`module` and `action` attributes are already mapped to  `OCSID.MODULE` and `OCSID.ACTION`.
```

> Please note this is currently supported only for Oracle database connections. In order to enable Oracle connection client info to be set,
> need to add this property `datasources.default.customize-oracle-client-info=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note this feature is currently supported only for Oracle database connections. In order to enable Oracle connection client info to be set,
you need to specify the configuration property `datasources.default.enable-oracle-client-info=true` on a per datasource basis.
```
